content/notes/Ancient Greece.md, before:

---
layout: note
cover: "/images/main/cover-ancient-greece.webp"
title: Ancient Greece
date: 2022-04-17
---

#Research
## Introduction

From Decemeber of 2021 to March of 2022 I studied the ancient Greek history. I made some notes along the way.

My main objective was to get a solid overview of ancient Greek history. 

## Notes
- Overviews
	- [[Introduction to Ancient Greece]]
	- [[Minoan Civilization]]
	- [[Mycenaean Civilization]]
	- [[Archaic Greece]]
	- [[Classical Greece]]
	- [[Hellenistic Greece]]
- Places
	- [[Athens]]
	- [[Sparta]]
	- [[Corinth]]
- Events
	- [[Greek Dark Ages]]
	- [[Persian Wars]]
	- [[Peloponnesian War]]
	- [[Corinthian War]]
	- [[Boeatian War]]
	- [[Macedonian Conquest of Greece]]
	- [[Macedonian Conquest of Persia]]
	- [[Wars of the Diadochi]]
	- [[Achean League]]
	- [[Macedonian Wars]]
- People
	- For each historical period (see overviews), there's a list of related important characters

## Sources
- The [course](https://www.coursera.org/learn/ancient-greeks/) on Coursera
- [Wikipedia](https://wikipedia.org)
- [Heritage History](https://www.heritage-history.com/index.php?c=resources&s=info&f=ancient_greece) website

Commit message:

new notes and css improvements

content/notes/Ancient Greece.md, after:

---
layout: note
cover: "/images/main/cover-ancient-greece.webp"
title: Ancient Greece
date: 2022-04-17
---

#Research
## Introduction

From Decemeber of 2021 to March of 2022 I studied the ancient Greek history. I made some notes along the way.

My main objective was to get a solid overview of ancient Greek history. You may also be interested in my notes on [[ancient philosophy]].

## Notes
- Overviews
	- [[Introduction to Ancient Greece]]
	- [[Minoan Civilization]]
	- [[Mycenaean Civilization]]
	- [[Archaic Greece]]
	- [[Classical Greece]]
	- [[Hellenistic Greece]]
- Places
	- [[Athens]]
	- [[Sparta]]
	- [[Corinth]]
- Events
	- [[Greek Dark Ages]]
	- [[Persian Wars]]
	- [[Peloponnesian War]]
	- [[Corinthian War]]
	- [[Boeatian War]]
	- [[Macedonian Conquest of Greece]]
	- [[Macedonian Conquest of Persia]]
	- [[Wars of the Diadochi]]
	- [[Achean League]]
	- [[Macedonian Wars]]
- People
	- For each historical period (see overviews), there's a list of related important characters

## Sources
- Thiz [course](https://www.coursera.org/learn/ancient-greeks/) on Coursera
- [Wikipedia](https://wikipedia.org)
- [Heritage History](https://www.heritage-history.com/index.php?c=resources&s=info&f=ancient_greece) website
